
October 30th:
Sketched world, talked about how to implement agents and the world.
Started coding up World and Mario classes. 
November 6:
Coded up a mario simulation earlier, but wanted to start over 
because we realized that our previous design style wasn't ideal.

November 7:
Began writing the new world simulation. Create goombas, coins, 
blocks. Decided that the world could be represented by tuples that
indicate which object belongs in which grid space. 

November 12:
Designed a Mario that can move left and right, and currently 
working on jump function as well as all the boundary conditions. 

November 13:
Worked more on the update function and fixed some bugs in checkBounds.
Did a lot of testing. There are still so many bugs! 

November 16:
Fixed many bugs. Can run in simulation. Mario can kill goombas, and can be
killed by goombas in many different ways. It works by using a random generator
as well. Need to add coin count, coinbox count, secret room, and end flag. 

November 28:
Added coin collecting functionality. There are some weird things happening to 
mario when he collects coins. Sometimes he dies when he's not supposed to. 

November 30:
Fixed coin and coin box bugs. Did a lot of testing. Connected Mario to NEAT. However, Mario seems to converge to one, bad behavior after the first generation or so. Need to check what's wrong with that. 

December 1:
Tried to fix what was wrong with NEAT. Ended up fixing a lot of other bugs 
along the way. Implemented a function that would give us the delta x, delta y
to the nearest coin giving object (coin, coinbox, goomba, secret room). The 
problem with running mario with NEAT right now is that often it only executes
moves that are in the 0-1 range. Mario only jumps left, jumps right and ducks.
Mario never translates left or right. Not sure why. The output of NEAT seems 
to include negative numbers in the range of [-1, 0] but when we evaluate, we
never see any translation behavior. Not sure what's going on. Basically Mario
will execute 10 or 15 moves and then after that, he will execute one move over
and over again until he runs out of time and the simulation is terminated.

December 2:
Fixed a bug in the distance function and did some testing to verify that it
was correct. Unfortunately, or fortunately, when I ran NEAT with the distance
to the nearest coin as an input, mario occasionally translates left and right.
This seems to suggest that our previous observation wasn't entirely correct.
It seems like Mario is sort of capable of translating left or right? However,
Mario still ends up wasting a lot of time. He translates and jumps and 
eventually stumbles across the hidden room. Afterwards, Mario just continuously
ducks at the entrance of the hidden room even though he isn't getting any coins for it. ?????????
12 5   19 3